* 4.23.20
Millions of smaller GUI bugfixes.
Addon memory improvements.
Recoded all images with RLE loseless compression.
Added "/pa" command to bring up the options too.
Added 122 new textures from WoW.
Added 5 new Custom textures.
Added 1 new font.
Added Frame's strata changer dropdown, to change the aura frame's z index.
Added Frame level changer slider, to change the current frame's strata's z index. (0 - 20)
Added Texture strata changer dropdown, to change the aura texture's z index.
Added Texture sublevel changer slider, to change the current texture strata's z index. (-8 - 7)
Fixed a bugged font.
Fixed a major moving bug, when you move the auras with the mouse.
Fixed a bug which made auras disappear while on the timer/stacks tab.
Removed Glow check button.
Added blend mode dropdown.
Added option for gradient colors.
With this change you can create up to 12.000 different texture layers per aura.
Performance upgradements.
Increased preview icon's size.
Fixed an export/import bug.
Switching to wow textures and back, now wont reset the sliders current value, unless it's necessary,
Aura preview icon's color now will change immediately while changing color at the color picker, also when random color is changed.
Aura preview icon's color now wont change on toggled off aruas, when the Test all button is being pushed.
Added texture rotater slider.
When more auras is opened at the same time, the effec editors icon will show the current auras color correctly.
Fixed a bug where, aura icons didn't updated when loaded a custom texture.
Removed value increaser and decreaser buttons from the sliders.
Sliders now can be adjusted with mousewheel up/down.
The default aura size now 100%.
Default alpha for new auras is now 85%.
The default aura y coodriante now 0.
X, Y, XY symmetry changes now wont be shown in effect editor.
Alpha slider now can be changed to 0% too.
Deformation slider min-max value now can be set between 0-2.
Fixed font button for text auras.
Text aura and TempPortrait icons now wont get modified by the current aura's choosen color.
Fixed a bug when you manually set max texture count.
Fixed a bug with the button itself.
Override max textures min-max value now is 1-1000.
Added "Enable Full Rotation" checkbutton, which fixes some not fully rotatable textures, when disabled.
The texure cutter algorythm is now more precise for ingame icons, and custom textures.
Hide all button now properly decreases all icon's alpha immediately.
Slider inherit changes, removed unused stuff.
Clicking on the Edit button or right clicking on an aura now going to increase it's icons alpha properly.
Test all button now wont hide the currently opened effect editor.
--Hide all button now also closes the effect editor.
When you open the aura browser while an aura is currently showing, now it's gonna decrease it's icons alpha properly.
Alpha slider text initalization fix.
Fixed a bug when Texture slider value was 0 and show blank aura.
Fixed a but with Electric animation both on main, and secondary animations.
Fixed a bug with Shringing animation when it's applied on a secondary aura.
Fixed a bug with Growing animation when it's applied on a secondary aura.
Fixed a bug with Waterdrop animation when it's applied on a secondary aura.
When you hide an aura with the Test button, it's icon's alpha now gonna dcrease properly.
While "Old Animation" checkbutton is enabled the "Spin the aura after the begin animation" checkbutton is hidden.
Some text color fixes.
Some smaller slider fixes.
Tooltip and hover fixes.
Code cleanup.

* 4.23.19
Fixed a bug which didn't let the addon to use all the installed Textures (254).
Fixed a bug with old end animations, where growing and shrinking got reversed.
Increased old "Grow and Fade" and "Shrink and Fade" end animation's grow and shrink size and the speed of the animation, to fit with the new animations.
When "Old Animation" checkbutton is enabled then the dropdown menus gonna hide thoose animations which the old animations can't handle.
Fixed a bug with the "Show hundrendth" checkbutton on the "Timer" tab.
Fixed some chatbox length bug on the "Activation" tab.
Fixed "Use own Texture" checkbutton's location.
Animation's dropdown menus are now wider.
Fixed the "Power Type" dropdown menu's location.

* 4.23.18
Converted sounds to mp3.
Added new sounds. ("Bloodbath", "Vengeance", "Warpath").
Minor fixes.

* 4.23.17
Fixed level issues with the Option frames.
Disabled aura icons alpha now can't be changed.
Added Monk's "Fist of Justice" spell as a stun.
Other smaller fixes.

* 4.23.16
Updated and fixed localizations.
Other minor fixes.

* 4.23.15
Core cleanup, round three.
Fixed a moving bug.
Replaced bugged background from the options frame.
Fixed some missing translations.
Renamed sounds.
Added new sounds.
Added new textures.
Renamed fonts.
Some other minor fixes.

* 4.23.14
Added "Changelog.txt".
Code cleanup, round two.
Fixed "aggro.ogg" sound.
Fixed missing clicking sound on some buttons.
Menu layout tweaks.
Option table border fixes.
Added some missing button and string localizations.
Removed "Ranged Slot" from Equipment Slots.
Equipment Slot frame tweaks.

* 4.23.13
Total code cleanup.
Merged localizations.
Fixed bugged "Send" and "Cancel" buttons on "Export" and "Export Set" dialog.

* 4.23.12
Support for Patch 5.2

* 4.23.11
Support for Patch 5.1

* 4.23.10
Fixed Warlock Shards max power from 3 to 4
Fixed incorrect version numbering

* 4.3.9
Fixed map taint issues (thanks to Resike)

* 4.3.8
Non-Fire Mage GCDs are properly ignored in auras

* 4.3.7
Fixed Chi (Light Power) max power from 4 to 5

* 4.3.6
Fixed totem aura update lag

* 4.3.5
Warrior GCDs are properly ignored in auras, for reals this time...

* 4.3.4
Master of Ghouls is now properly detected
Paladin, Warrior, and Monk GCDs are properly ignored in auras

* 4.3.3
Fixed glyph taint issues (thanks to Resike)
Fixed action usable so abilities that are charging up but still have active charges on them show up as usable

* 4.3.2
Added support for special power tracking for Shadow Orbs, Burning Embers, Demonic Fury, and Chi

* 4.3.1
Updated Paladin Holy Power from 3 to 5

* 4.3
Updated the code to be compatible with MoP 5.0.4